DOCS-468: Updated docs/README.md (#8319)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- Performance Improvement
- Backward Incompatible Change
- Build/Testing/Packaging Improvement
- Documentation (changelog entry is not required)
- Other
- Non-significant (changelog entry is not required)

Changelog entry (short description of added functionality):

...

> Detailed description / Documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed description / Documentation draft:
```

> Adding documentation, you much help users of a feature you have done. Documentation is highly required for all features that affect user experience. 

Reviewer: let's keep `...` before this as well to make it more consistent

> Adding documentation, you much help users of a feature you have done. Documentation is highly required for all features that affect user experience. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding documentation, you'll allow users to try your new feature immediately, not when someone else will have time to document it later. Documentation is highly required for all features that affect user experience in any way. You can add brief documentation draft above, or add documentation right into your patch as Markdown files in [docs](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/tree/master/docs) folder.
```

> Read the lightweight [Contributing to ClickHouse Documentation](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/tree/master/docs/README.md) guide. It would help you to find the right form and words suitable for the audience of a new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are doing this for the first time, it's recommended to read the lightweight [Contributing to ClickHouse Documentation](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/tree/master/docs/README.md) guide first.
```

- Performance Improvement
- Backward Incompatible Change
- Build/Testing/Packaging Improvement
- Documentation (changelog entry is not required)
- Other
- Non-significant (changelog entry is not required)

Changelog entry (short description of added functionality):

...

Detailed description / Documentation draft:

...

> By adding documentation, you'll allow users to try your new feature immediately, not when someone else will have time to document it later. Documentation is highly required for all features that affect user experience in any way. You can add brief documentation draft above, or add documentation right into your patch as Markdown files in [docs](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/tree/master/docs) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding documentation, you'll allow users to try your new feature immediately, not when someone else will have time to document it later. Documentation is necessary for all features that affect user experience in any way. You can add brief documentation draft above, or add documentation right into your patch as Markdown files in [docs](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/tree/master/docs) folder.
```
